Congratulations! You passed!
Grade received 80%
To pass 80% or higher
1.
Question 1
True or False?

To be able to develop, test and deploy Azure Functions locally using Visual Studio, you also need to install the Azure Functions and Web Job Tools extension.

0 / 1 point

True


False RIGHT AMSWER

Incorrect
The Azure Functions and Web Jobs Tools extension is included in Visual Studio and it does not require installing.

2.
Question 2
You are planning on creating a solution that will automatically run an Azure Function App when a file is uploaded or modified in an Azure Blob Storage. What type of trigger should you configure on the Azure Function App?

1 / 1 point

Blob trigger


Event Hub trigger


HTTP trigger

Correct
This type of function runs when a file is uploaded or modified in Azure Blob storage.

3.
Question 3
You are building a solution in which an Azure Function is triggered by an HTTP request. You want to ensure that the HTTP request includes in the header a specific key only for that function, that enables the Azure Function runtime to authorize the request. What type of level access rights should be configured on the Function App?

1 / 1 point

Function


Admin


Anonymous

Correct
With this access set-up, the HTTP request must provide a key that enables the Azure Function runtime to authorize the request.

4.
Question 4
You plan on setting up continuous deployment to maintain source control on your functions code. Which of the following deployment sources are a viable option in Azure?

1 / 1 point

Bitbucket

Correct
Bitbucket can be configured as a deployment source in Azure.


OneDrive

Correct
OneDrive can be configured as a deployment source in Azure.


Box


Github

Correct
GitHub can be configured as a deployment source in Azure.

5.
Question 5
What is the Azure CLI command that permits zip deployment?

1 / 1 point

az functionapp deployment


az functionapp create


az functionapp zip

Correct
You can perform zip deployment using the functionapp deployment command in the Azure CLI.

